What is HTTP?
HTTP (Hypertext Transfer Protocol) is a protocol used for communication between web browsers and web servers, allowing the transfer of data and resources over the internet.

What is a URL?
A URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is the address that identifies a specific resource on the internet, such as a web page or file.

What is DNS?
DNS (Domain Name System) is a system that translates domain names (e.g., google.com) into IP addresses, allowing browsers to locate and connect to websites.

What is a query string?
A query string is a part of a URL that contains additional data passed to a web server for processing, often used for specifying parameters or search terms.

What are two HTTP verbs and how are they different?
Two common HTTP verbs are GET and POST. GET is used to retrieve data from a server, while POST is used to send data to a server to create or modify resources.

What is an HTTP request?
An HTTP request is a message sent by a client (e.g., web browser) to a server, specifying the action to be performed.

What is an HTTP response?
An HTTP response is the message sent by a server to a client in response to an HTTP request, containing the requested data or indicating an error.

What is an HTTP header? Give a couple examples of request and response headers you have seen.
An HTTP header is a component of an HTTP request or response that provides additional information about the request/response. Examples include "Content-Type" (request header) and "Content-Length" (response header).
What are the processes that happen when you type "http://somesite.com/some/page.html" into a browser?

When you type "http://somesite.com/some/page.html" into a browser, the browser performs DNS lookup to find the IP address of the domain, establishes a TCP connection with the server, sends an HTTP GET request for the specific resource ("/some/page.html"), the server processes the request and sends back an HTTP response with the requested page, and the browser renders and displays the page to the user.